Add new tutorial - "Anatomy of a CID" (#359)
ProtoSchool/protoschool.github.io: src/tutorials/0006/04.md

So now our Version 1 CID contains the following fields:

> `<multicodec><multihash>`

Reviewer: You might want to start with multihash expanded out as `<mh-algo><mh-len><mh-hash>` before shortening to `<multihash>` as a reminder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`<ipld-format><multihash>`
```

But, if you remember from the previous lessons, Version 0 CIDs only contain the `<multihash>` part, so how can we distinguish between different versions of CIDs? You guessed it, more prefixes!

![Version Prefix](tutorial-assets/T0006L04-version-prefix.jpg)

So now our CID looks like the following:

`<cid-version><multicodec><multihash>`

> The `<cid-version>` represents the version of the CID. In the future, it will increment to 2, 3, 4, etc.

Reviewer: Please no!

```suggestion
The `<cid-version>` represents the version of the CID (0 or 1).
```

Reviewer 2: I can't believe you don't want to invent new versions of the CID! 😂
